>> Ben: Come on. rook.
>> Hurry up. Benjamin. You don't have much time. >> Ben: Ugh. Pun "Time.
You don't have much time. >> Ben: Ugh. Pun "Time". Nice one. professor of paradox.
>> Ben: Ugh. Pun "Time". Nice one. paradox teacher. >> Unintentional.
Nice one. paradox teacher. >> Unintentional. Leave now. and you can still
>> Unintentional. Leave now. and you can still get maltruent in
although now. and you can still catch maltruent in the time stream.
Maltruent captures in the time stream. If not. then this time beast
flow of time. If not. then the egg. this time from the beast will power its journey to
if not. then the egg. this time of beast will fuel your journey to places beyond even my  reach.
Egg will fuel your journey to places beyond even my reach. I know you will not fail.
Places beyond even my reach. I know you won't fail. >> Ben: I won't.
I know you won't fail. >> Ben: I won't. >> so seriously.
>> Rook: Ben. be careful. We don't want to end up like that beastly time.
We don't want to end up like that beastly time. >> Ben: We're armored. right?
That time beast. >> Ben: We're shielded. right? >> Rook: Ben!
>> Ben: That could have gone worse.
This could have gone worse. >> Worse ?!
That it could have gone worse. >> Worse ?! You tore the fabric of the
>> Worst ?! You have torn the fabric of existence without regard for our
you tore the fabric of existence without regard for our safety.
Existence without regard for our safety. Our quarry is gone. and we are
safety. Our quarry is gone. and we are lost in time!
Our quarry is gone. and we are lost in time! >> Ben: If we're lost. that's why it's
lost in time! >> Ben: If we're lost. that's why it's maltruent.
>> Ben: If we are lost. so it's maltruent. Also. paradox put me in
maltruent. Also. paradox put me in charge. so we do this my way.
Also. paradox put me in charge. so we do this my  way. This is not  the democracy.
Charge. so we do this my way. This is not the democracy. >> Rook: Huh?
>> ♪ Ben 10 ♪ ♪ he's a boy. and he wants to have fun ♪
>> ♪ he's a boy. and he wants to have fun ♪ ♪ but when you need a
have fun ♪ ♪ >> but when you need a superhero. he gets the job done
>> ♪ but when you need a superhero. he gets the job done ♪
Superhero. he gets the job done ♪ ♪ >> ben 10
♪ done >> ben 10 >> ♪ with a device that he uses
>> ♪ ben 10 ♪ with a device he wears on his arm ♪
>> ♪ with a device he wears on his arm ♪ ♪ he can change his shape and
in his arm ♪ >> he can change his form and save the world from evil ♪
>> he can change his form and save the world from evil ♪ ♪ >> when taken out of trouble
save the world from evil ♪ ♪ >> when it's hard to take place ♪
>> ♪ when it's hard to take a seat ♪ ♪ he gets right in your face
♪ ♪ put it on >> it looks good on your face >> ♪ ben 10
>> ♪ he gets right in your face >> ♪ ben 10 >> when lives are in
>> ♪ ♪ ben 10 ♪ when lives are on the line ♪
>> ♪ when lives are on the line ♪ ♪ it's hero time
♪ line >> it's hero time >> ♪ ben 10
>> They don't move. >> Ben: George washington! Oh. man. this is amazing!
>> Ben: George washington?! Oh. man. this is amazing! >> You got me in one
oh. man. this is amazing! >> You have me at a disadvantage.
>> You have me at a disadvantage. I have never met you. nor your
disadvantage. I have never met you. nor your crossbow gun in hand.
I have never met you. nor your crossbow gun in hand. >> If it's any consolation.
crossbow in gun fist. >> If it's any consolation. I don't know you. anyone.
>> If it's any consolation. I don't know you. anyone. >> the muck on your arm
I don't know about you. anyone. >> The muck on his arm speaks!
>> The muck on his arm speaks! >> Ben: Yes. but he never says
speaks! >> Ben: Yes. but he never says anything worth hearing.
>> Ben: Yes. but he never says anything worth hearing. >> Rook: That's Ben Tennyson.
Anything is worth listening to. >> Rook: That's Ben Tennyson. And I'm no beast. sir.
>> Rook: That's Ben Tennyson. And I am no beast. sir. I am Tower Blonko. a visitor from
And I am no beast. sir. I am tower blonko. a visitor from the stars.
I am blonko tower. a visitor from the stars. >> Well. your transportation doesn't
the stars. >> Well. your transportation does not support your claim.
>> Well. your transportation does not support your claim. Are they  y  grounded?
Support your request. Are they  y  grounded? >> Ben: Mm-hmm.
Are they  y  ground? >> Ben: Mm-hmm. But from the future!
>> Ben: Mm-hmm. But from the future!   Ooh! Ooh! Ooh! Ooh!
But from the future!   Ooh! Ooh! Ooh!   Smile for me!
Ooh! Ooh! Ooh!   Smile at me!    Pardon?
!  Smile for me  >> Pardon  >> Ben:? Please
? >> Pardon  >> Ben: Please.  >> Rook: I apologize - for ?
>> ben: Please.  >> Rook: I apologize - for  what is he doing ?
>> Rook: I apologize - for  what he is doing  >> Very well ...
>> Ben: Hey  I thought they were wooden  >>wooden teeth ?
I thought they were wooden.   Wooden teeth?  Are you crazy?
wooden teeth?  Are you crazy?  If you two are from where you
are you crazy?  If you two are from where you  for example. then what are you doing
if you two are from where you  for example. then what are you doing  here?
Maltruent:.     1773   Still so far
1773.   Still so far.   Human Putrid.
Still so far.   Putrid human.   He will wish they were never born.
Putrid human.   He will wish they were never born.   Or ... He will never  will  be.
Ohh. That will do nicely. >> I will own curiosity about your "war time". but I have my
>> I will own curiosity about your "war time". but I have my orders.
"-War Time." but I have my orders. I hunt a poor soul. trapped in a
orders. I hunt a poor soul. trapped in a death-like state.
I hunt a poor soul. trapped in a death-like state. >> Ben: Like a zombie?
Deathlike status. >> Ben: Like a zombie? >> if that's what you call it.
>> Ben: Like a zombie? >> if that's what you call it. It is my duty to keep my
>> If that is what you call it. It's my duty to keep my countrymen safe from things
It is my duty to keep my countrymen safe from things that go bump in the night.
Underground safe from things that go bump in the night. >> Rook: That sounds similar to
that will collide in the night. >> Rook: That sounds similar to the original land plumbers
>> Tower: This sounds similar to the original earth plumbers directive.
The plumbers directive initial land. >> My company calls itself
directive. >> My company is called  plumbiers -  for French
>> My society is called  plumbiers - ". Ironworkers"  for French
Plumbiers - ". ironworkers"  for French >>
"Ironworkers." >> >> Maybe my hunt is at an end.
>> Maybe my hunt is over. >> shouldn't we be going?
>>Maybe my hunt is over. >> Shouldn't we be going? >> Ben: Shh!
>> Shouldn't we be going? >> Ben: Shh! I want to see a zombie!
>> Ben: Shh! I want to see a zombie! >> Rook: We have seen zombies.
I want to see a zombie! >> Rook: We have seen zombies. In fact. I have been one.
>> Rook: We have seen zombies. In fact. I have been one. >> Ben: But not a zombie.
Actually. I have was one. >> Ben: But not a redcoat zombie!
>> Ben: But not a redcoat zombie! >>
Red Coat! >> >> at the ready!
>> at the ready! >> Ben: Don't worry. wash.
>> at the ready! >> Ben: Don't worry. wash. I'll take care of it.
>> Ben: Don't worry. wash. I'll take care of it.
I'll take care of it.   >> A Spectre!
>> A Spectre! What witchcraft is this?!
>> A Spectre! What witchcraft is this?! >> Rook: Ben is not a ghost.
What witchcraft is this ?! >> Rook: Ben is not a ghost. He just turned into a
>> Tower: Ben is not a ghost. He has only transformed into an alien that resembles
he just turned into an alien that resembles  one.
Alien that resembles  one.   Incredible.
Um.   Incredible.  >>
>> Fantasmic: Okay. time for  to take charge  >> Aah .!
Take over  >> Aah  >> Fantasmic:.! Ha! Gotcha!
>> Aah  >> Fantasmic: Ha! Gotcha!  >>
>> Fantasmic: Ha! ! Gotcha  >>  >> Fantastic: Aah
>>  >> Fantastic:! Aah   He has no mind to control
>> Fantastic:! Aah   He doesn't lie to control  >> Aah! Aaaah!
He has no mind to control!    Aah! ! Aaaah  >> Fantastic: I could use some
>> aah! ! Aaaah  >> Fantastic: I could use some   help
>>   Oof!   Zounds. What happened?
Oof!   Zounds. What happened?   You were enchanted by a
zounds. What happened?   You were enchanted by an   ancient curse.
You were enchanted by an   ancient curse.   But you are fine now.
ancient curse.  But you are fine now.    Thank you. Thank you. sir.
But you're fine now.   >> Thank you. . Thank you. sir   >> Phantom: Hi.
>> Thank you. Thank you. sir  >> Fantastic:...! Hey  >> Aaah
>> Fantasmic: Hi.  >> Aaah   Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah !
>> Aaah!   Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
!  Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah       ben: Why don't you take it
Ben:? Why not take him   prisoner
>> Ben:? Why not take him   prisoner  >> To what end ?
Prisoner?   To what end?   He is a soldier of the king.
>> To what end He's a soldier of the king >> Ben:?... Wait. wait. wait
He is a soldier of the king  Ben:...? Wait. wait. wait he's not the king's bandit
Ben: Wait. wait. wait isn't the king of the bandit  Rook:.? Maybe its
? is not the king of the bandit   Rook: Perhaps your  revolutionary war has no
tower: Perhaps your  revolutionary war has not  begun yet .
Revolutionary War has not  begun yet.    War?
Started yet >> war >> Rook:.? Yes.
? >> war  >> Rook: Yes.   Judging by the position of the
>> tower: Yes.   Judging by the position of   Alpha Centauri. we are at
Judging by the position of   Alpha Centauri. we are in the   early 1770s.
>> Ben: What is this  >> Rook: records show plumber  that the first recorded sighting
tower: records show plumber  that the first recorded sighting  of an alien craft on Earth was
that the first recorded sighting  of an alien craft on Earth was  in 1773.
And what kind of ship was    Rook:? The record did not   specify. but that was called
tower: The record does not   specify. but this was called   cherry tree .
Specify. but that was called   cherry tree.    Hmm.
Cherry tree.    Hmm.   I think I'll accompany you on your
hmm.   I think I will accompany you on your   mission.
Vilgax. I received an anguished  signal  Is anyone in need of
sign.   Do you have someone in need   of help?
>> Maltruent: Vilgax What a pleasant surprise >> Vilgax. You know me.
what a pleasant surprise   Vilgax.? You know me.   chronosapien
>> Vilgax: Do you know me.   chronosapien  >> Maltruent:? Your reputation ...
chronosapien  >> Maltruent:? Your ... Reputation   precedes you
>> Maltruent: Your ... Reputation   precedes you  >> Vilgax. From a time traveler.
precedes you   Vilgax... From a time traveler.  that's high praise
Vilgax. From a time traveler.  that's high praise  The only reputation I've earned
that's high praise.  The only reputation I've earned  . so far. is one of the ambitious
the only reputation I've earned  so far is one of ambitious  disobedience. which is why I have
. so far. is one of ambitious   disobedience. which is why I  was exiled to this armpit of
disobedience. which is why I  was exiled to this axil of  the universe.
You have been exiled to this axil of  the universe.  What are  you  doing in this
the universe.  What are  you  doing in this sector?
What are  you  doing in this industry? >> Maltruent: I am at this moment
sector? >> Maltruent: Currently. I am stuck.
>> Maltruent: I am currently stranded. >> Vilgax: I have the technology you
stranded. >> Vilgax: I have the technology you need. but why should I help you?
>> Maltruent: I assume a time bomb chronosapien payment would be enough?
Chronosapien time bomb would be payment enough? >> Ben: We really do
payment enough? >> Ben: We seriously have to walk?
>> Ben: Do we really have to walk? >> My stabled horses are for the
walk? >> My stabled horses are for the night.
>> My stabled horses are for the night. Else. who would ride.
Night. Else. who would ride. >> Ben: sarcasm. man.
Else. who would ride. >> Ben: sarcasm. man. You and tower must leave
>> Ben: sarcasm. man. You and rook must leave someday.
You and Tower must leave sometime. >> Oh well. if you are such a
sometimes. >> Oh. well. if you're in a race. you could have taken your
>> Oh well. if you are in a race. you could have taken your time cycles.
Rush. you could have taken your time cycles. >> Ben: Why didn't you say
time cycles. >> Ben: Why didn't you say anything before?!
>> Ben: Why didn't you say anything before? >> Nobody asked.
All the sooner?! >> Nobody asked. >> Ben: Rook. go back and get
>> Nobody asked. >> Ben: Rook. go back and get the bikes.
>> Ben: Rook. go back and get the bikes. >> Rook: You're right.
The Bikes. >> Rook: You are right. If we are fighting maltruent. we
>> Rook: You're right. If we are fighting maltruent. we will need them.
>> Ben: That is maltruent.
And that's Vilgax! So. it's not good. We need to stop them - now.
So. it's not good. We need to stop them -. <I want to believe you. but I
we need to stop them -. Now I want to believe you. but I have nothing but your word that
I want to believe you. but I  have nothing but your word that  these creatures pose a threat.
It has nothing. but your word that  these creatures pose a threat.    Perimeter violated.
These creatures are a threat Perimeter breached Ben:... That enough of a threat
>> perimeter breached  >> Ben:.?! That enough of a threat  to ya
>> Ben: That enough of a threat  to ya  All right. these are two of the ?!
for you?!  All right. these are two of  most powerful bad guys I have
all right. these are two of the  most powerful bad guys I have  ever faced. so here's the pl -
most powerful bad guys I have   ever faced. so here's the pl -?   huh
>> Vilgax: Who is this savage  >> Maltruent: I have no idea   Eliminate him .!
Ben:.? He's good >> Well You're not going to help
? >> Well   Won't you help  >> Ben:? If Vilgax sees me. he will
? that you're not going to help   Ben:. If Vilgax sees me. he  could disrupt the whole future
Ben:. If Vilgax sees me. he  could disrupt the whole future  Or ... Something
Be able to mess up the whole future.   ... Or something like that.   That's only if he sees   you.
Or ... Something   That's only if he sees  you    Ben:... Ohhhhhh
>> That's only if he sees   you  >> Ben:. Ohhhhhh   .
>> Maltruent: Ignore the human  The speedster is the real  threat ...
The speedster is the real  threat   Vilgax. First a chronosapien.
.  threat    Vilgax:? First. a chronosapien.  and now a kineceleran
Vilgax:? First. a chronosapien.  and now a kineceleran  What an unexpected change from the
And now a kineceleran?  What an unexpected change of  events.
What an unexpected turn of  events    XLR8:. Yes. well. this "turn
.  events    XLR8: Yes. well. this "turning  of events" is about to kick your
>> XLR8: Yes. well. this "turn of events" is about to kick your butt
of events "is about to kick your   ass!
end!     now?!
>> Vilgax: It's ... Transformed  >> Mole-stache:? Skurd. give   mole-stache 'the top stache
>> Mole-stache:.! Skurd. give   mole-stache 'the upper stache  >> And off we go
>> Mole-stache:. I think you  are not so vilgaxy yet
>> Maltruent:?! What
>> Back to the stars with you.  beast!
Thank you. dr. franklin.
Vilgax. The ability to   transform at will
>> Vilgax: The ability to   transform at will   The power of this device will be .
transform at will.   The power of that device will be   mine.
The power of this device will be  my    Rook:. Maltruent is getting
my    Rook:. Maltruent is getting   away
>> Rook: Maltruent is getting   away  We must leave immediately ...
.  Far away  We must leave immediately   >> Ben:... Thanks for your help
. We have to leave immediately  >> Ben: Thank you for your help  It was amazing to meet you and .
>> ben: Thank you for your help  It was amazing to meet you and  everything .
It was amazing to meet him and  everything.   Oh. And a suggestion.
Everything.   Oh. And a suggestion.   Maybe you guys should change
oh. And a suggestion.   Maybe you guys should change   your name from   "plumbiers"  to
Maybe you guys should change  your name from  "plumbiers"  to "plumbers." mr. president.
>> President?
>> Ben: We caught him that time. Without a time beast. maltruent definitely can't outrun us.
>> Rook: In my experience. yes. he should. >> Ben: Hey!
>> Rook: Get Ready!
>> Rook: Do you see maltruent? >> Ben:. I don't see anything.
>> Rook: Is that ...   >> Ben:.? No. Not at all   It's just that  that
>> Rook:. A ship contumelia   What is he doing   here  >> Ben:? I think we're about to
?  what he is doing   here  >> Ben: I think we are about to   find out
>> Ben:  >> Rook:  >> Ben:.   Don't worry
>> Rook:  >> Ben:.   Don't worry  I have to
>> Ben: Don't worry   I have to  >> Rook:... Yes
.  I have to    Rook: Yes.   Now. let us find maltruent .
If I remember correctly. this is  the bridge.
If he's here. he's more maltruent   probably ready for us   Ben:. I'm good
Probably ready for us    Ben:...! I'm good  Let's clean your clock
>> Rook:
>> Ben: You're going down.   ma-ma-ma-ma ...  what are you seeing
ma-ma-ma-ma ...  what are you seeing  what am I seeing?
? Are you seeing  what I'm seeing   Rook:? Dad
What am I seeing   Rook:? Dad >> Ben: Exactly.
>> Rook:? Dad >> Ben:. Exactly    Wait. What?
mr ! smoothy   Or "smoothies" or ... Whatever    Rook:. I see three of my
or "smoothies" or ... Whatever    Rook:. I see three of my   father
>> Rook: I see three of my  father  >> Ben:. No
.  Father    Ben:. No   I met your father
Ben:. No I met your father He doesn't have a straw coming
I met your father.   He doesn't have a straw coming  out of his head.
He doesn't have a straw coming  out of his head.   You are so much correct.
Out of your head.   You are so much correct.  We are contumelia. but our
that both are correct.  We are contumelia. but our  5th-dimensional forms cannot be
we are the contumelia. but our  5th-dimensional forms cannot be  seen by your eyes.
5th-dimensional shapes cannot be  seen by your eyes.   What you are seeing is only a
seen by your eyes.  What you are seeing is only a   projection of the thing that
what you are seeing is just a  projection of the thing that  holds the greatest weight in your
projection of the thing that   holds the greatest weight in their   hearts.
It holds the most weight in their   hearts.   So why am I seeing three
hearts.   So why am I seeing three   masses of energy?
So why am I seeing three  masses of energy?  >> A genetometaformorphic.
Power masses?    A genetometaformorphic.   How interesting.
A genetometaformorphic.   How interesting.   >> Do you have anything to do
as interesting.   Do you have anything to do  with our other guest?
>> Do you have anything to do  with our other guest  >> Ben:? Maltruent
?  With our other guest    Ben:.? Maltruent   Where did he
>> Ben: Maltruent  Where did he  >> Rook:.? Why didn't you try
where is he    Rook:? Why haven't you tried  to stop him
>> Rook: Why haven't you tried  to stop him  >> What can  that do?
To stop it?   What can  that  do? He's like inconsequential to the
What can  that  do? He is as irrelevant to the experience as you are.
He is as irrelevant to the experience as you are. >> Rook: They are of no help.
>> Rook: They are of no help. We need to move forward.
We need to move forward. >> Ben: What experiment? >> We are about to create a
>> Ben: What experiment? >> We are about to create a universe.
>> We are about to create a universe. The countdown has begun.
Universe. The countdown has begun. >> Rook: Ben. in the stories that I
the countdown has begun. >> Rook: Ben. in the stories I've heard since childhood. the
>> Tower: Ben. in the stories I heard from childhood. the contumelia go from universe
have heard since childhood. the contumelia go from universe to universe destroying them. not
contumelia go from universe to universe destroying them. not creating them.
Universes destroy them. not create them. I suspect that. if a universe
create them. I suspect that if a universe already exists in this
I suspect that if a universe already exists in this dimension. the annihilargh will
already exists in this dimension. the annihilargh will destroy it.
Dimension. the annihilargh will destroy it. >> Ben: But if there isn't one.
destroy it. >> Ben: But if there isn't one. the annihilargh will create it.
>> Ben: But if there isn't one. the annihilargh will create it. >> How do you know from
the annihilargh will create it. >> How do you know about annihilargenesistoria-
>> How do you know about thimiorgost annihilargenesistoria-?
Thimiorgost Annihilargenesistoria-? >> Ben: Maltruent has one of his
thimiorgost? >> Ben: Maltruent has one of his own that he will use.
>> Ben: Maltruent has one of his own that he will use. >> Interesting.
>> Maltruent: One second later. as usual. Tennyson. And ha!
As usual. Tennyson. And ha! Three alternative versions of
and ha! Three alternate versions of myself.
Three alternative versions of myself. Come.
Myself. Come on. Let's delight in victory
come. Let's savor the victory together.
Let's savor the victory together. >> Ben: Do something!
Together. >> Ben: Do something! >> Maltruent: The contumelia ?!
>> Ben: Do Something! >> Maltruent: The contumelia ?! >> that extradimensional field
>> Maltruent: A contumelia ?! >> that extradimensional field protects us from the next
>> Extradimensional field that protects us from energy release.
It protects us from the next release of energy. It is impossible to violate or
release of energy. It is impossible to violate or shut down.
It's impossible to rape or hang up. >> Ben:
Disconnect. >> Ben: Well. if it's not going to do
>> Ben: Well. if it's not going to do anything. i  am!
Well. if it's not going to do anything. i  am! Rook. you keep busy maltruent
anything. i am! Rook. you keep maltruent busy while I find a way through this
rook. you keep maltruent busy while I find a way through that field.
As long as I find a way through that field. >> Maltruent: not already
field. >> Maltruent: not that you have learned by now that your attacks
>> Maltruent: Haven't you learned by now that your attacks are fruitless?
What?
>> Rook: Your powers are based on time. correct? Too bad time didn't start
based on time. correct? Too bad time hasn't started yet.
>> Would you like me to give it a chance? >> Ben: Eh.
Behind? >> Ben: Eh. What difference does it make?
>> And voilà.
>> Rook:
>> Chromatic: No!
It can't end like this.
What are you doing? >> Making a point. You never told me you had
>> Making a point. You never told me you had Celestial Sapien dna here.
You never told me you had Celestial Sapien dna here. So indescribable.
Dna Sapien Celestial here. So indescribable. >> Chromatic: Skurd!
So indescribable. >> Chromatic: Skurd! You slimy genius!
>> Maltruent: Impossible! >> Interesting.
>> Chromatic: Rook! >> Rook: It has been an honor to fight by your side.
>> Maltruent: You worms!
>> Well. we had a good run. dear friend. >> Chromatic: Sorry I called
friends. >> Chromatic: Sorry I called you a snot rocket.
>> You never called me snot rockets. >> Chromatic: I thought it.
Snot Rockets. >> Chromatic: I thought it.
>> Ben: I can't believe my last words are "snot rocket"!
>> Rook: Ben! >> Maltruent: He missed! I dreamed for millennia
>> Maltruent: He Failed! I have dreamed for millennia at this moment - a whole
I have dreamed for millennia of this moment - a whole universe in my image!
What's going on?! You are supposed to be observers.
You are supposed to be observers. You are not supposed to involve
observers. You should not get involved in any case. which
you should not get involved in any case. which transpires!
What are you doing? >> We are watching.
>> Rook: Ben? >> Feedback:
>> Maltruent: You can't do that! >> Feedback: You wanted your
this one! >> Feedback: You wanted your own big bang!
>> Maltruent: Noooooo!
is that one. >> Rook: I thought you were - >> ben: Nah.
>> Rook: I thought you were - >> ben: Nah. I always imagined the Omnitrix
>> Ben: Nah. I always imagined the Omnitrix had one that wouldn't fail-safe
I always imagined the Omnitrix had a security flaw that wouldn't let me die. and sure enough. it
had a security flaw that didn't let me die. and sure enough. he kicked right when the big
let me die. and sure enough. it kicked in right when the big bang started - it just gave me the
kicked in right when the big bang started - gave me just the foreigner I needed.
Crash started - it gave me just the foreigner I needed. >> your never recklessness
alien that I needed. >> Your recklessness never ceases to amaze.
>> Your recklessness never ceases to amaze. >> Ben: Not reckless.
Stop surprising. >> Ben: Not reckless. You always seem to give me the
>> Ben: Not reckless. I always seem to get the foreigner right. even when I want to
They always seem to give me the right foreigner. even when I want something more.
Foreign law. even when I want something more. I think I should stop fighting it.
Something else. I think I should stop fighting it. I seem to know better
I think I should stop fighting him. It seems to me you know better than ... me.
Seems to me you know better than ... Me. >> Would you like to see
than I do. >> Would you like to see the creation of your own universe?
>> Would you like to see the creation of your own universe? It looks like this might be the most
creation of your own universe? It looks like this might be the most interesting one yet.
>> Ben: This is the most amazingest thing anyone could see.
Amazingest thing anyone could ever see. >> Rook: "Amazingest" is not a
never see. >> Rook: "Amazingest" is not a word.
>> Rook: "Amazingest" is not a word. >> Ben: You have a better one
word. >> Ben: Do you have a better word for it?
>> Ben: Do you have a better word for it? >> Rook: No.
Word for it? >> Rook: No.
>> Rook: No. >> Ben: Huh?
>> More of Me!
>> More of Me! I thought I was alone in
more of me! I thought I was alone in the universe.
I thought I was alone in the universe. >> No.
Universe. >> No. Your species is the most
>> No. Your kind is the most important in all creation.
Their species is the most important in all of creation. For eons. these slime-biots will
important in all creation. For eons. these slime-biots will take. gather. mix and deposit
For eons. these slime-biots will take. gather. mix and deposit DNA throughout the growing universe.
Transport. collect. mix and deposit DNA across the growing universe. Would you like to join their
dna through the growing universe. Would you like to join your ancestors?
Would you like to join your ancestors? It seems you have forgotten that
ancestors? You seem to have forgotten who you are. which is understandable
You seem to have forgotten who you are. which is understandable after billions of years.
>> When I met you. I saw you as nothing more than a free lunch.
You eat nothing but a free lunch. >> Ben: Are you talking to me or
lunch. >> Ben: Are you talking to me or to the Omnitrix?
>> Ben: Are you talking to me or the Omnitrix? >> If I hadn't found
the Omnitrix? >> If I had not found antagonizing so amusing. I
>> If I had not found antagonizing so amusing. I would never have drilled you.
Antagonizing so much fun. I would never have drilled you. Thank you for everything. dear
I have never stayed with you. Thank you for everything. my dear boy.
>> Ben: Thank you.  skurd. I owe you my life. >> And I owe you mine.
I owe him my life. >> And I owe you mine. >> Rook: Goodbye. skurd.
>> Well done. Benjamin. I knew you wouldn't fail. >> Ben: I knew it too.
I knew you wouldn't fail. >> Ben: I knew it too. >> Rook: You did?
>> Ben: See. maltruent is stuck in a time loop. >> And he is doomed to failure.
in a time loop. >> And it is bound to fail. over and over.
>> And he is bound to fail. more and more. Each time he pulls himself
again and again. Each time he pulls himself together. he returns to the
every time it pulls itself together. it returns to the beginning of time and is
together. he returns to the beginning of time and is defeated by ben.
From time and is defeated by ben. I gather the pieces of
defeated by ben. I gather the pieces of maltruent and scatter them
I gather the pieces of maltruent and scatter them all over the universe. and the
and spread them throughout the universe. and the loop begins again.
On the other side of the universe. and the loop begins again. >> Ben: The only person who
cycle begins again. >> Ben: The only person who doesn't know about the time loop
>> Ben: The only person who doesn't know about the time loop is maltruent himself.
You don't know about the time loop is maltruent yourself. Oh. E ... You. I... I think.
It's maltruent itself. Oh. E ... You. I... I think. >> Forgive us for the intrusion.
Oh. E ... You. I... I think. >> Forgive us for the intrusion. We'll be on our way soon.
>> Forgive us for the intrusion. We'll be on our way soon. Now. help me get the rest of the
we will be on our way soon. Now. help me get the rest of the maltruent.
Now. help me get the rest of the maltruent. We have a lot to do before I
maltruent. We have a lot to do before I take you home.
>> Ben: After what we just saw.
>> Ben: After what we just saw. sitting around drinking smoothies
>> Ben: After what we just saw. sitting around taking smoothies seems a bit ...
Sitting around taking smoothies seems a bit ... >> Rook: mundane. I agree.
It seems a bit ... >> Rook: mundane. I agree. Nothing seems to be happening in
>> Tower: mundane. I agree. Nothing seems to be happening in Bellwood or  Undertown recently.
Nothing seems to be happening in Bellwood or  Undertown recently. >> Ben:
Bellwood or  Undertown recently. >> Ben: You're right!
>> Ben: You're right! This place will be fine and
you are right! This place will be fine and dandy without us.
This place will be fine and dandy without us. We just helped to create the
dandy without us. We just helped create the universe.
We just helped create the universe. Let's check it out!
Universe. Let's check it out! >> Rook: That makes it sound less
let's check it out! >> Rook: That doesn't sound less mundane.
>> Rook: That doesn't sound less mundane.
Mundane.   >> Ben: Gwen.
>> Ben: Gwen. Okay. all right -.  gwendolyn
>> Ben: Gwen. Okay. all right -  gwendolyn   You and kevin -. Pack your bags
Okay. fine -  gwendolyn   You and kevin -...! Packing your bags   We are going on a road trip
>> ♪ Ben 10
♪ ben 10